HDDS-3850. Update the admin document to let user know how to show the status of all rules. (#1109)
apache/hadoop-ozone: hadoop-hdds/docs/content/tools/Admin.md

And quick overview about the available functionalities:

>  * `ozone admin safemode`: You can force to leave/enter from/to safemode and check the safe mode status, with `--verbose` option, will print status of all rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `ozone admin safemode`: You can check the safe mode status and force to leave/enter from/to safemode,  `--verbose` option will print validation status of all rules that evaluate safemode status.
```
